# Meeting 8

**Date**: 25/05/2024  
**Present**: 
- Tom
- Brodie
- Oshi
- Phillip
- Alex
- Bernard

## Summary

Met to discuss the implementation so far of each personâ€™s code. We reviewed how the code is currently meeting the Power of 10 requirements and discussed ways to improve this. A couple of things we need to change are the 60LOC (Lines of Code) and assertion check rules.
